DUNE v2.4.0
===========

* Now using IMC v5.3.x.

* Added BOOT state.

* Actuators.LED4R: new task to control LED setup for ROV.

* Actuators.MCD4R: new task to control ROV's pan&tilt,
  camera and laser beams.

* Control.Path.ILOS: new path controller task.

* Control.ROV.HorizontalPlane: modified logic and tested
  in real experiments.

* Control.ROV.Depth: modified logic and tested in real experiments.

* Control.ROV.RemoteOperation: modified logic and tested in real
  experiments.

* DUNE Concurrency: ability to compute CPU usage of a thread.

* DUNE IO: redesign of I/O framework.

* Maneuver.StationKeeping: task was rewritten for robusteness and
  responsiveness.

* Maneuver.FollowTrajectory: task was rewritten for robusteness
  and responsiveness.

* Maneuver.FollowReference: new maneuver to guide vehicle to
  a new reference location.

* Maneuver.PopUp: task was rewritten for robusteness and
  responsiveness.

* Sensors.BlueView: new task to control imaging sonar.

* Sensors.Imagenex881A: new task to control ROV pencil beam sonar.

* Sensors.Microstrain3DMGX3: corrected a bug that prevented new
  hard-iron calibration parameters to be correctly stored in
  the vehicle configuration file.

* Sensors.NavQuestDVL: using medium to activate task.

* Sensors.Imagenex852: using medium to activate task.

* Sensors.Imagenex837B: fixed bug that prevented auto
  mode to be activated.

* Supervisors.AUV.LostComms: new task to handle loss of communications.

* Transports.Evologics: new task to control acoustic modem.

* Transports.UAN: new task to control acoustic medium access.

* Transports.Noptilus: new task to control acoustic medium access
  by implementing a TDMA scheme between multiple systems.

* Navigation.AUV.SGNavigation: EstimatedState psi is properly filled.

* Programs: added program to compute new compass calibration parameters
  from log file.

* Programs: added program to compute distance travelled.

* Programs: added program to compute total energy consumed.

* Programs: added script to compute XML parameters from known systems.

* Programs: added CDash build script.

DUNE v2.3.0
===========

* Renamed Dune namespace and folders to DUNE.

* Changed bind<Task, IMC::Message>(*this) to
  bind<IMC::Message>(this).

* Microsoft Windows: mutable folders such as 'log' and 'db' are now
  created in %APPDATA%.

* IMC/Bus, Tasks: several internal cleanups, made interfaces more
  consistent, removed legacy code and names.

* IMC/Bus: removed operator<< and dispatchTS() method. The same
  functionaly is now in Tasks/Task.

* Sensors.Imagenex852: task was rewritten for robusteness and
  responsiveness.

DUNE v2.2.0
===========

* Now using IMC v5.0.0.

* Control.AUV.Diving: added task to force increases in speed when vehicle
  is unable to submerge.

* Monitors.OperationalLimits: is now periodic.

* Simulators.Environment: new task merging obstacle and bathymetry
  simulators.

* Dune/Control/DiscretePID.*: limiting integral parcel with configurable
  margins, as an anti-windup method.

* Maneuvers.CompassCalibration: new maneuver to help perform hard iron
  calibration.

* Simulators.Servos: new task to simulate servos and eventual faults.

* Simulators.Docking: new task to simulate docking to a net.

* Simulators.USBL: new task to simulate remote USBL system.

* Transports.FTP: added preliminary FTP server.

* Removed 'dat' folder. Plan.db and Cache files are now stored in the
  folder 'db'.

* Dune/Media/BayerDecoder.*: added Bayer 8 demosaicing class.

* Dune/Time/Format.hpp: replaced gmtime()/localtime_r() with thread
  safe alternatives.

* Dune/IMC: top-level IMC enumerations and bitfields are now defined
  in the IMC namespace instead of inside the message class.

* Dune/IMC: source code is now generated by a Python script. Java is no
  longer required.

* Dune/IMC: removed support for LLF. IMCJava provides the same
  functionality.

* Actuators.MCRT: removed task because the device is now obsolete.

* Actuators.MCRTv3: removed task because the device is now obsolete.

* Actuators.MCRTv4: removed task because the device is now obsolete.

* Sensors.LMPA: removed task because the device is now obsolete.

* Sensors.Imagenex852: added support for correcting measurements using
  dynamic sound speed.

* Sensors.Microstrain3DMGX3: added support for hard iron calibration.

* Sensors.NavQuestDVL: added support for correcting measurements using
  dynamic sound speed.

* Sensors.XchangeSV: added device driver for AML Xchange Sound
  Velocimeter.

* Vision.DFK51BG02H: added white-balance filter.

* Transports.GenericGSM: renamed to Transports.GSM.

* UserInterfaces.LEDPatternManager: removed task and moved its
  functionality to UserInterfaces.LEDs.
